[Music]
you're trapped in a school with your
friends and forced to play in a brutal
death game that will kill
everyone if you don't get the answers
right what do you do
the characters in this movie all seem
innocent but you'll be horrified when
you find out what they did
to deserve this i'm going to break down
the mistakes made what you should do
and how to beat the high school death
game in death bell
all these students are about to be
hunted for sport they're getting ready
for their final exams and
everyone is nervous but before they
begin one of the students hears a girl's
voice
begging for help and sees a ghost appear
on his exam terrified he jumps out of
his seat and tells a teacher mr kim that
he saw something
the man thinks he's just nervous and
helps him up but he notices scars on the
boy's wrists and asks about them
the kid insists it was the ghost and
that he didn't do it
this teacher doesn't realize that he's
about to be haunted for revenge
okay if you ever find a ghost on your
exam paper it almost certainly means you
did something wrong and now you're going
to be punished for it
there's no point trying to explain what
you saw because nobody is going to
believe you
now with that said this kid is not even
the craziest person in this room
because this teacher is an absolute
psychopath we'll soon find out that this
guy did something really screwed up by
the end but there's already enough here
to tell me he shouldn't be trusted
first of all we've all had that teacher
who thinks he's cool and spends way too
much time
hanging out with his students every
school has a teacher and they're all
creepy as hell
but here this goes up to a whole new
level because in korea many teachers are
notoriously harsh and even abusive
admission into top universities is
extremely competitive so some of these
korean schools have a merciless
education system
in some cases beating kids in school is
very normal and korean parents would
totally approve of this treatment if
it's getting their kids better grades
now in this environment mr kim here is
just way too nice and that tells me
this guy is hiding something really dark
but he's not the only one who has
something to hide
the next day they get the results from
their exams and head to class where one
of the students confiscates everyone's
phones before the lecture begins
in the bathroom this kid hears a strange
voice calling his name when he suddenly
pulled down
spilling the students phones all over
the floor dragged into a stall he tries
fiji for one to call for help but gets
reeled in
with no chance to escape he's going to
be used as a pawn in someone's elaborate
revenge plot and it's not going to end
well for him
in the classroom the kids are taking
notes when the tv signal is suddenly
interrupted with screams of terror
they're shocked to see a girl who is
missing from class and she's been locked
in a glass tank
one of the teachers tries to call for
help but none of the phones are working
so she sends ina here to go find help
in the staff room mr kim here realizes
that the internet is down when the
students suddenly burst in to tell them
what's going on
that's when a strange voice on the pa
announces that they have all become
prisoners of a death game
the only way to survive is to solve his
twisted puzzles but if they don't answer
correctly they will all get killed
starting with this girl okay this is a
horrifying way to start your school day
this is just the first out of five death
games and they're going to get a lot
crazier
they're trapped on campus with no way to
escape or call for help and if they
don't answer questions correctly
people will die to me this sounds like a
teacher's dream come true because
there's no better way to force your
students to learn math than to turn it
into a life or death scenario
that's exactly why i would be suspecting
any one of these stressed out adults to
be the mastermind behind this
now all these students are panicking and
that's a completely normal response but
it's not going to help
we should be studying the image to look
for any signs of how to save her
the first thing to notice is that
there's math written from inside the
glass tank
the voice on the pa might want us to
solve this equation but to me
this is a massive waste of time not only
is it backwards but their only view of
this is on a tiny screen
so it would be easy to answer the
question wrong simply because it's too
difficult to read
if it's me instead of trying to solve a
math equation backwards i would solve
the volume of the tank to figure out the
time she has to live
and use that time limit to search the
entire school until we find her
the average height of a south korean
high school girl is about 160
centimeters and it looks like she's
slightly too tall to lay down flat in
the tank
this one measurement helps me figure out
the other lengths of the tank by
proportion and it wouldn't take too long
to figure out that the tank's volume is
roughly one cubic meter
now the trigger part of this is to
eyeball the rate of water flow
a sink faucet runs 4 to 8 liters per
minute and this is easily 10 times more
water than that
this means it's filling 60 liters every
minute so the whole tank will be filled
in about 16 minutes and that's how long
we have to save this girl
that's not a lot of time if we don't
know where she is but the killer has
actually given her location away by
broadcasting the signal into the school
there's a reasonable chance of her being
on school grounds because it's most
likely the feed is being sent through a
wireless video transmitter and have a
maximum range radius of about 900 meters
which is close to the average k-12
school campus size
this means it's highly likely she's
still on school grounds
there are a lot of students in this
building so if we order everyone to
spread out we could cover every inch in
60 minutes before the tank fills with
water we can also tell from the image
that she's being kept in a dark and
mostly empty room so if we use this as a
guide for where to search like
maintenance or storage rooms we will be
more likely to find her before she
drowns
in the meantime since we have no phones
i would pull the fire alarms to bring as
many people into the equation as
possible
the average fire response time is about
nine and a half minutes and it brings
help into the school without risking our
lives by trying to leave the campus
with the tank now filling with water
this teacher finds the power switches
for the pa system and turns it off but
as he's about to leave the tv
suddenly turns back on they're
controlling the power from another
source and he thinks there's only one
person who could have done this
running back to the classroom he
confronts the worst student and accuses
him of being the one who set up this
death game
mr kim rushes in to stop the man from
beating the kid but suddenly a girl
screams and everyone turns to the tv
monitor as they realize the tank is
filled to the brim with water
the kidnapped student has drowned to
death and she's only the first victim
they don't yet realize that there's
already another kid missing and these
games are about to get so much crazier
from this point on
okay if i was in this tank i wouldn't
let this happen
first of all we can actually confirm how
much time it took to fill the tank full
of water because we can see the clock
here says it's 10 20 and that's when the
water started flowing and she died at 10
44.
that's 24 minutes which was very close
to our guess of 16 minutes
she obviously should have tried lifting
the lid on the top of the tank to make
sure it was unlocked or weighted down by
something
personally i would have seen that there
was a camera pointed at me and tried to
communicate with whoever was watching
because i might be able to give them an
idea of where i was being kept
this could be difficult to do using just
hand signals and gestures but thankfully
the ridge who are known for their sleek
and slim ridge wallet have got you
covered with a perfect solution to this
problem but let's first talk about these
amazing wallets
unlike big and bulky wallets that weigh
you down the ridge wallet is the perfect
size holding up to 12
cards plus room for cash and are
actually so durable they come with a
lifetime warranty
they have over forty thousand five star
reviews and since every ridge walt is
made of rfid blocking technology
not even a ghost can steal your identity
which i love
especially in this aluminum navy design
in fact the ridge team is so confident
you'll like their wallet they'll let you
test drive it for 45 days
and you can send it back for a full
refund if you don't absolutely love it
use my link in the description ridge.com
how to beat and my coupon code how to
beat to get 10
off your ridgewalk purchase and while
you're there pick up a pair of field
notes notebook pack and fisher's space
pen which are waterproof and resistant
to extreme temperatures allowing you to
play pictionary with your friends in any
death game situation
the pen can also ride in any angle
underwater and in zero gravity which is
pretty
cool and useful just in case now that's
what i call an indestructible trio and a
great father's day gift
thank you to the ridge wallet for
sponsoring this video with one student
dead
this teacher offers to go across the
street to call the cops they tell him
it's too dangerous but he thinks it's
worth the risk and leaves the classroom
inspiring the students to do the same
the other teachers won't let them out
and try to hold them back but they can't
control them
they all break out of the class and make
it to the ground floor but when they
reach the doors they see the teacher
living towards them covered in blood
he falls to the ground and they rush to
help him up but he raises his finger to
point to someone in the crowd
someone in this room is responsible for
these death games but the man dies
before he can tell them who
the intercom turns on and the voice
tells them if they leave the school the
same will happen to them and they have
no choice but to play his next challenge
the second game is a listening
comprehension test and if they answer it
they will understand why they're in this
death game
they hear a boy screaming over the
speakers and it's the same kid who was
captured in the bathroom
the voice on the speaker tells him to
look in the auditorium for the next
puzzle and a mother's greed
is their only clue okay everyone was so
traumatized from watching their teacher
die that nobody even realized we can
extract a lot of useful information from
this teacher's death
nobody saw how he got killed but judging
from the blood splatter patterns it
looks like he was beaten to death
because the blood is coming mostly from
the top of his head and the rest of the
blood is just a drip trail from that
area of origin
there aren't any impact patterns here
that you would expect from stab wounds
lastly he was outside for less than a
minute so the killers must be extremely
close by
and honestly this would be our best
chance to find out who is behind this
for all these reasons i think the best
strategy here is to get over the fear
factor and have every student went
outside
for the same reason that the teachers
couldn't keep them in the classroom
there are too many students for the
killers to control and because nothing
from this dead teacher suggests he
encountered any booby traps i think it's
a risk we should all be safe to take
as long as we stay in a large group the
students head to the auditorium where
they find the entire floor
covered with chinese characters and only
eight of them are the right ones
this girl asks her teacher if he has any
ideas but he can't think of anything and
they're running out of time
the next victim has been chained down in
a cage and he'll suffocate in hot wax if
they don't find the answer
well right now he's the only one who
knows that someone in the auditorium
is a liar ina here figures out that if
it's connected to the mother's greed it
could have something to do with bribing
to raise her son's greats
hearing this the teacher suddenly
realizes what the answer is
be satisfied and stop then no dangers
await is an ancient proverb from lao tzu
it's a perfect fit to the puzzle and
they run down to tell the other students
they hurry to fill in the answer but
they're too late the student's body
lands on the stage and that's one more
dead student
now i can't show you any of this because
it's crazy brutal and youtube would
never allow it but the student who was
captured in the bathroom earlier just
smashed down like a meteor and his whole
body is covered in wax
he looks like a candlestick from hell
and it's really horrifying
okay first of all i should explain that
in korean high schools studying chinese
characters and foreign languages are
electives and this is why everyone here
can read them
even though it's not their native
language now for me this would not be an
easy problem to solve because i don't
read chinese but that doesn't mean it's
impossible
there's a way we can hack the game here
without knowing a single chinese word
and it all has to do with realizing that
this entire game
is one giant bluff this is a very
elaborate game to set
up here because there are roughly 840
individual papers with chinese letters
on the floor
even if all three killers helped out it
would take them over an hour to place
all these cards and perfect evenly
spaced rows in this auditorium
the only reason anyone would spend this
much time setting this up is because
they know it takes even more time to
solve
this tells me that the whole game here
is just a distraction
the best solution is to forget about
this game and go look for the next one
because i can almost guarantee that the
killers are relying on everyone being
inside this auditorium
solving the stupid puzzle so that they
can set up their next plans
somewhere else in the school every
second we waste in here is helping the
killers carry out their plans
i would let three of the smartest
students stay here to try solving it and
take everyone else outside
to search the grounds for any strangers
now if it took a long time to set up
this puzzle the killers should have been
caught on the cctv cameras
i would be going to the security room to
look at the tapes because we have a
confirmed location and time frame to
look into
while we were distracted by the drowning
girl earlier these killers were probably
in the auditorium setting up this new
death game we will either be able to
confirm how many killers there are and
their physical descriptions or the tapes
will be erased and we will have no
choice but to suspect that the security
guard might be in on this
everyone is horrified with the wax
covered corpse and the death traps are
getting more brutal but when this girl
mentions that her friend jae wu
is missing they all know another puzzle
is coming that's when ina here realizes
the connection between all the kidnapped
the victims
she runs out of the auditorium to the
computer room to check the student test
rankings and they confirm that they're
all being killed in order of who did
best on their exams
this is terrifying and this girl's
pretty smart for figuring this out
but now that we know what happens to
smart students in this school she might
want to drop that iq by a few points
in the auditorium this girl suggests
that they'll be safer hiding in the
student dorm rooms and together they
make plans to sneak away
approaching the teacher they like that
they're going to use the toilets and he
lets them leave but this was a terrible
idea because it will lead them straight
into a brand new killer and it's going
to be someone they know
inna here returns and notices that her
best friend is missing
they tell the teachers that the students
are being targeted by exam ranking
and her best friend is next on the list
hearing this mr kim gathers all the
students and tells them to split into
two groups to search the campus
okay splitting up is a lazy suggestion
right now we've just been given vital
information and we should be taking full
advantage of this
if we know the top students are in the
most danger sticking in a large group is
the only way to guarantee safety
if kids ask to use the bathroom tell
them they're not allowed and they have
to piss in buckets
because i'd rather be embarrassed for 35
seconds than to get kidnapped and die
now nobody has realized yet that the
safest people in this room are actually
the teachers
they aren't even on the kill list
because they didn't take the exams
as soon as the students realize this
there will be a full-blown riot and the
teachers will be forced to be guinea
pigs to test the game
personally i would make the teachers
walk outside of the school to get help
and check
every room for traps they wouldn't want
to because a teacher has already been
killed
so i would secretly offer the teachers a
deal that i will not tell the other
students that they are the safest people
here but only in exchange for a 4.0 gpa
if we survive this death game and my
parents would be so proud
we still have to go and find the rest of
the students but since it's ranked by
test scores i would send out the lowest
performing students to find the others
they're much lower on the kill list and
are less likely to be kidnapped before
the others
the students split up into two groups
with one teacher each and they look
through the school but it's already
getting late
meanwhile in the dormitory the other
students are hiding in a room when
suddenly they hear a noise coming from
outside and realize someone else is in
the building
a student turns the lights on and
someone starts trying to break down the
door
punching a giant hole straight through
the wood in the hallway is the kid who
saw the ghost on his exam paper
something has broken his mind and the
next time we see him he's going to flip
this whole death game
upside down one of the boys inside goes
to take a closer look and his head
is violently yanked through as the other
students start to scream
outside kyung hyun here notices flashing
lights and when the girl realizes that
it's coming from her room
they run into the building the group
catches up to her but they find the gate
locked and have to force their way in
they find the other students who are
hiding but in the chaos of the flashing
hallways they never notice that one of
the girls
sujin goes missing she's going to have
one of the most brutal deaths of anyone
but it's going to reveal who the killers
are and they'll all be shocked when they
find out who it is
meanwhile mr kim here leads his group
through the halls and this girl sees a
light turn on across the campus
they run over to check it out and find a
classroom with another death game
on the wall there are photos of numbers
and letters carved into someone's skin
and they have to use these to figure out
the password to this computer his
students think the numbers might be
related to a cell phone's keypad
if they decipher the puzzle to spell out
warm spring day remember the auditorium
they successfully log into the computer
but it's too late the victim has already
been killed and this time the murderer
finally reveals her face
okay these students still don't realize
that as long as they continue to play
these games
the more control they give to the
killers to find their next victim and
set up their next puzzle the more they
just try to solve the puzzles the longer
they keep themselves trapped here until
there's no more students left
it's incredibly stupid and the only way
out of this cycle is to abandon these
games and turn the hunters into the
hunted
now we can still use this puzzle to our
advantage because once again
the killers are giving us exactly what
we need to hack the death game
the most interesting thing on this board
is not the puzzle it's the drawings
the killers are using these as a
countdown so everyone knows that if they
don't sell the puzzle by 840 the student
will be dead but they're giving away
too much information we can see here at
8 30 a body is going to be in a box with
flowers green out of it
right now the time is 8 25 so i'd be
rushing to the nearest place on campus
where i might find a flower bed or a
garden
because if i have reason to believe that
there's going to be a body placed near
flowers at 8 30 then we might be able to
catch the killers red handed
honestly i'm not even thinking about
saving this student's life as a top
priority anymore
from this point on we should only be
thinking about finding and catching
these killers
meanwhile in the dormitory the power in
the hallway returns and ina is relieved
to find her roommate is safe
all the students and teachers regroup in
one of the classrooms but they're still
shaken up by the recent deaths
ina here thinks about the answer from
the last question and realizes that the
word auditorium in korean
sounds very similar to the name jiwan
the name of a student that mysteriously
died earlier that year
the girl was a top performing student in
her class but after scoring badly on an
exam
she was later found dead this kid
wonders if her ghost is forcing them to
play this death game and their teacher
insists it's the work of one man
but he's acting like he has something to
hide that's when the loudspeakers
announced that the next test is about to
begin
they're all too scared to look for the
puzzle and mr kim here tells them he's
going to go after the killer himself
the woman tells him not to rush off
without a plan but he ignores her and
leaves a hunt down the kidnapper
ok the teacher has a point here blaming
a ghost on your problems is not
productive and superstition is for the
weak minded
on the other hand this is asia and
ghosts hunt the [ __ ] out of us
honestly if there's any connection to
the name of a girl from their school who
died under mysterious circumstances then
it must be taken seriously no matter how
crazy it sounds
if every puzzle is pointed to the death
of this girl ji won
it also means that somebody here is
responsible for her death
and that person's punishment is being
taken out on the whole school
this is where we need to find the guilty
party and sell them out to save our own
lives
now even though the pa system is being
used by the killers we can also use it
to communicate with them
if it were me i would broadcast that we
want to help the killers seek justice
and are willing to sell anyone out to do
it in my opinion
our two most likely suspects are mr kim
here and baum the kid who saw the ghost
on his exam paper
the boy was being haunted way before
anyone else so that makes him a suspect
this teacher is also exhibiting some
pretty strange behavior
when he saw the solution to the puzzle
that had the dead girl's name he had a
look of horror on his face like he knew
something about it
he was also the only one to solve the
puzzle about the mother's greed and
bribery
now that students are suggesting it's
the ghost of this girl jiwan
looking for revenge he's getting way too
defensive about the idea like he's
taking it personally
this man has guilty conscience written
all over his face
and if he wants to go it alone to find
the killer without backup maybe he
thinks this is all coming back to
something he did
and doesn't want it to be revealed i
think it's time to go full mutiny here
and offer them both to the killers as a
sacrifice for safe passage
out of the death game we outnumber mr
kim and bomb thirty to one and could
easily overpower them tie them down and
leave them for dead as a peace offering
if they're innocent then they'll still
be alive by morning and will have
nothing to worry about
the other teacher takes ina and her
friend to look for the next question and
find it hidden behind a wall in the
teacher's lounge
it's a picture of their school cut into
pieces with words written on each
section
and they'll have to rearrange each part
to spell out the hidden message
the girl thinks they should use the
school's picture downstairs as a
reference so the boy volunteers to go
fetch it and leaves them behind
meanwhile sujin who was kidnapped in the
dorm room earlier wakes up inside of a
washing machine terrifying
she's got 36 minutes before the spin
cycle ends but there's no guarantee
she'll make it out alive in the staff
room they finally saw the puzzle and
discover that the answer reads i know
who killed me my anger will endure
face the truth the teacher realizes that
all the answers and questions were about
someone's murder and it could only be
the dead student
ji hwan they leave to find the other
group and run into mr kim here in the
stairwell
they're relieved to see him again but
they're too late as they hear an alarm
beep in the distance and when they go to
investigate they find sujin dead
in the washing machine okay these are
supposed to be the best students in the
school and so far
they literally can't solve a puzzle to
save someone's life
they failed every single test but
there's another interesting pattern
developing here that they haven't
noticed
if solving these puzzles actually could
save the students lives then the killers
would have to be watching them through
the security cameras
this entire situation is designed to
send a message of retribution and if
they can't send the message it becomes a
pointless exercise
i would limit the killer's ability to
set up his games by simply cutting the
audio and video wires to the pa system
and monitors
we should take away any tools they have
to communicate with us or scare us
they've had the benefit of knowing where
we are at all times and if we take this
away
it levels the playing field to give us a
fighting chance of either escaping or
tracking them down
distracted they notice that the girl ina
has gone missing exploring her dead
friend's old dorm room she finds a girl
writing in a book and asks who she is
touching her shoulder the girl suddenly
grabs her hand and turns around
revealing that she's the ghost of jiwan
ina begins to scream and the others rush
in to help her but when the girl looks
back at the table there's nothing there
except the dead girl's notebook
okay watching your classmates die in a
death game is bad but i would definitely
prefer that scenario to facing a ghost
you can't fight a spiritual entity so
the obvious choice in this situation is
to abandon the rest of the students and
take her chances trying to escape the
campus but ini here has one advantage
that nobody else has
if she was best friends with the girl
when she was alive then she should try
to communicate with her ghost
to find out what it wants bomb saw the
ghost on his exam the day before but it
has clearly driven him insane
and it might have even possessed his
body to hunt down the girl's killer
itself
what happened to bob proves to us that
this ghost is dangerous but if it's
handled the right way
it's also a resource inna here is our
best chance at learning what she knows
and she needs to find a way to get that
information
we need to make a deal with this ghost
and promise to do anything she wants in
exchange for our lives
if i were ina i would promise to help
avenge her and all we need is a name of
who her killer was
if the ghost is on our side we can be
fully protected and i would gladly help
capture and kill anyone in the class if
it means i can secure my freedom
ina tells them all what she saw but kang
kyung here has an idea
he suggests they go to the pa room first
to find out where the killer is
broadcasting from and they all agree
inside the kid finds the cables linked
to the loudspeakers and pulls them out
of the system with the help of the
others
discovering a hidden line that goes down
into the floor below
following the cable underneath the
school the group sees a student behind a
pillar and they realize
it's bomb the kid who saw the ghost on
his exam paper the day before
they try to talk to him but he has a
crazy look in his eye and suddenly runs
at the girl
kang hyun tries to hold him off as long
as he can but gets stabbed
and killed balm here has gone insane and
is about to kill ina but she's sad when
the teacher bashes his head in
beating him to a bloody pulp a tune
suddenly plays over the loudspeakers and
the group realizes that a final victim
has been kidnapped
they continue following the cable until
they reach a locked door and on it is a
chalkboard with their next test
the teacher examines the numbers and
figures out if they multiply the outer
digits and the inner digits they'll get
the next numbers in the sequence
equaling the grade
class and student number of the dead
girl g-1
inside the room they stop the death trap
just in time and try to find a way to
cut the growth down but she suddenly
pulled higher into the air and they see
the kidnapper looking down from the roof
they beg to know why she's doing this
but the woman doesn't respond and drops
the girl on the floor killing her
instantly the teacher mr kim climbs up
to the rooftop and sees no one but he's
suddenly attacked from behind
she tries to stab him with her knife but
he throws her off and strangles her to
death
looking at the killer's face he realizes
that the woman is the mother of g-1
the death game is over and they failed
to save another victim but now they
finally caught the killer
the next day the school reopens to have
a memorial service for everyone who died
during the death game and inna here
walks out for some fresh air but she
spots some documents that were in the
last death trap room
flipping through this book she finds a
picture of jiwan and her parents and
recognizes her father before she
suddenly grabbed from behind
she finds herself tied to a chair and
gagged as the father introduces himself
over the pa system
everyone starts to panic as the
auditorium begins to fill with gas
and he's got one final game left he
plays a video of his daughter's murder
for all of them deceit it demands that
the murderer reveal himself or else
he'll kill everyone in the auditorium
jiwan discovered that mr kim was leaking
test questions to parents in exchange
for money
she threatened to report him to the
principal and he killed her to make sure
no one would find out
the only people who knew were the crazy
kid who saw her die and her parents who
found her phone which recorded the whole
thing
with his secret now exposed mr kim here
goes crazy with guilt and threatens to
kill them all but he stops himself
seeing their frightened faces he puts
down the axe but is suddenly stabbed by
the security guard
that's when they all realize that this
guard is jihan's father
he's been watching from the shadows this
whole time and nobody suspected him to
be the designer of this death game
he hacks mr kim to pieces as the others
look on and the man
finally gets revenge for his daughter's
death but what do you think
how would you be death though let me
know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day